Eclair v0.10.0 release (#2831)
ACINQ/eclair: docs/release-notes/eclair-v0.10.0.md

> # Eclair vnext

Author: Damn, good catch, thanks!

> # Eclair vnext

Author: Will update in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/2832

the normal closing priority is used.

Default setting is `medium` for both funding and closing. Node operators may configure their values like so:

```eclair.conf
eclair.on-chain-fees.confirmation-priority {
    funding = fast
    closing = slow
}
```

This configuration section replaces the previous `eclair.on-chain-fees.target-blocks` section.

### Add configurable maximum anchor fee

Whenever an anchor outputs channel force-closes, we regularly bump the fees of the commitment transaction to get it to confirm.
We previously ensured that the fees paid couldn't exceed 5% of our channel balance, but that may already be extremely high for large channels.
Without package relay, our anchor transactions may not propagate to miners, and eclair may end up bumping the fees more than the actual feerate, because it cannot know why the transaction isn't confirming.

We introduced a new parameter to control the maximum fee that will be paid during fee-bumping, that node operators may configure:

```eclair.conf
// maximum amount of fees we will pay to bump an anchor output when we have no HTLC at risk
eclair.on-chain-fees.anchor-without-htlcs-max-fee-satoshis = 10000
```

> We also limit the feerate used to be at most the same order of magnitude of `fatest` feerate provided by our fee estimator.

Author: What do you mean by "strange"? What do you suggest? I don't see a much better way of communicating this...

> We also limit the feerate used to be at most the same order of magnitude of `fatest` feerate provided by our fee estimator.

Author: The logic I'm trying to communicate is that we always do: `targetFeerate.min(fastestFeerate * 1.25)`

> We also limit the feerate used to be at most the same order of magnitude of `fatest` feerate provided by our fee estimator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also limit the feerate used to be at most of the same order of magnitude as the `fastest` feerate provided by our fee estimator.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/2831/commits/8772d9657e2aca4a8cad8a31d5d4dcb1fe6a8b8b

### Managing Bitcoin Core wallet keys

You can now use Eclair to manage the private keys for on-chain funds monitored by a Bitcoin Core watch-only wallet.

> See `docs/BitcoinCoreKeys.md` for more details.

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/2831/commits/8772d9657e2aca4a8cad8a31d5d4dcb1fe6a8b8b
